I can assure you I mean you know how you
are you who who is but the form
following the function of what and what
I am is a man in a mask well I can see
that of course you can I'm not
questioning your powers of observation
and merely remarking upon the paradox of
asking a masked man who he is but on
this most auspicious of nights permit me
then in lieu of the more commonplace
soubriquet to suggest the character of
this dramatis persona voila
in view a humble vaudevillian veteran
cast vicariously as both victim and
villain by the vicissitudes of fate
this massage no mere veneer of vanity is
a vestige of the Vox Populi now vacant
to vanished
however this valorous visitation of a
bygone vexation stands vivified and has
vowed to vanquish these venal and
virulent vermin Vanguard in vice and
vouchsafing the violently vicious and
voracious violation of the RF addict his
vengeance a vendetta held as a votive
not in vain for the value and ferocity
of such shall one day vindicate the
vigilant and the virtuous verily this
vichyssoise of verbiage veers most
verbose so let me simply add that it's
my very good honor to meet you and you
may call me V are you like a crazy
person I am quite sure they will say so
but to whom might I ask am i speaking
I'm Evie Evie Evie of course you are
what does that mean it means that I like
God do not play with dice and do not
believe in coincidence are you hurt next
to you oh I merely played my part but
tell me do you enjoy music Evie I
suppose you see I'm a musician of sorts
and on my way to give a very special
performance okay a musician percussion
instruments are my speciality but
tonight I intend to call upon the entire
Orchestra for this particular event and
would be most honored if you could join
me I don't think so I think I should be
getting home
I promise you it'll be like nothing
you've ever seen afterwards no return
home safely
fuck
a more perfect stage could not be asked
for I don't see any instruments your
powers of observation continue to serve
you well and wait it is to Madam Justice
that I dedicate this concerto in honor
of the holiday she seems to have taken
from these parts and in recognition of
the imposter that stands in her stead
tell me do you know what day it is evey
November the fourth not anymore
remember remember the fifth of November
the gunpowder treason and plot
I know of no reason why the gunpowder
treason should ever be forgot
[Music]
first link over to her yeah yes the
strings listen carefully can you hear it
now the brass I can hear
[Music]
[Applause]
wait here comes the Christian
[Music]